Hi, my name is Cedric Scherer and I'm excited to be the instructor of the upcoming workshop
Designing Data Visualizations to Successfully Tell a Story at the Puzzle Conference in Chicago
this September.
In this course, you will learn how to create compelling graphics that communicate your
data in a clear and effective way with a focus on your main insights by guiding and engaging
the viewer.
Here are three main reasons why you don't want to miss this workshop.
Understand the importance of the context in your audience.
We will cover how to tailor your visualization to your audience and why it's important to
consider the context in which these visualizations are presented.
This will hopefully help you to create more effective and engaging graphics in the future
when communicating your data.
Learn how to pick a suitable visualization to transport your message.
We will discuss the strengths and weaknesses of different chart types and how to pick and
design a visualization that presents the data in an honest way but with a clear focus on
your main story.
Master colors and typefaces when designing data visualizations.
You will learn how to avoid pitfalls and how to effectively communicate with data by picking
suitable color palettes and a good combination of colors and fonts to not only transport
your main message but also the right emotion.
During the course you will also have the chance to meet like-minded people, exchange about
your current projects and get feedback on your visualizations thanks to individual and
group exercises.
If this sounds interesting to you, then don't miss the chance and join us at the Puzzle
Conference in Chicago.